Usage: solitaire-player.bat <Game> <Goal> [additional args for goal]
Before running this program, the solitaire game must be running and at the
start of a game.  This program will play one game, and must be re-run each
time you start a new game.
The command line arguments should be one of the following:
1. Pyramid Board
   This solves Pyramid Solitaire board challenges, such as "Clear 3 board(s)
   in 2 deal(s)".  That would be run with: Pyramid Board.  It ignores the
   number of deals because it only plays one game.
   - If it can clear the board, it will do so in the minimum number of steps.
   - If it's impossible to clear the board, it will Draw/Recycle until the
     game is over, setting you up for the next board.
2. Pyramid Score <Goal Score> <Current Score>
   This solves Pyramid Solitaire Score challenges, such as "Earn a score of
   2400".  That would be run with: Pyramid Score 2400 0.  If you already have
   a score of 350, it would be run with: Pyramid Score 2400 350.
   - If it can reach the goal score, it will do so in the minimum number of
     steps.
   - If it can't reach the goal score, it will find the minimum number of
     steps to reach the maximum possible score for the game.  If it's possible
     to clear the board, it will, because doing so gets the highest score.
3. Pyramid Score
   This plays Pyramid Solitaire for maximum score without a target score in
   mind.  Given that the maximum possible score for a single game is 1290,
   this is a shortcut for playing with: Pyramid Score 1290 0.
4. Pyramid Card <Number of Cards to Clear> <Rank> <Number Currently Cleared>
   This solves Pyramid Solitaire Card challenges, such as "Clear 12 Aces in 2
   deals".  That would be run with: Pyramid Card 12 A 0.  If you already
   cleared 5 Aces, it would be run with: Pyramid Card 12 A 5.  It ignores the
   number of deals because it only plays one game.
   - The card ranks are: A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, T, J, Q, and K
   - If it can reach the goal, it will do so in the minimum number of steps.
   - If it can't reach the goal, it will do something complicated because
     there might not be one correct solution.  Explained below:
     a. First it will look for two possible solutions: one where you clear the
        board if possible, and one where you don't.  In both cases it will be
        the minimum number of moves to maximize the maximum number of cards of
        the goal rank.  This is in case you can remove 3 Aces while clearing
        the board, but you could also clear 4 Aces but get stuck and unable to
        clear the board.  We don't know what the right thing to do is, because
        you'd have to know what the future boards are in order to decide.
     b. If you can't clear the board, then it will remove as many cards of the
        goal rank as possible.
     c. If the solution with clearing the board removes more (or equal) number
        of cards of the goal rank than the solution that doesn't clear the
        board, it will just do that.
     d. If clearing the pyramid removes fewer cards of the goal rank, it will
        ask you in a popup which one you want it to play.
